we're gonna take the bone out this baby
there we go
cut the carcass up so I've done that so
you've got a clear view to what's going
on here right you want to follow the
bone that's what you want to do follow
the bone all the way okay does it take
as long as it takes basically you want
to go around the whole carcass okay it's
quite tricky the first little bits quite
tricky because it is very very rewarding
once you've done it because it's you
know it's not it's not an easy thing to
do but if you've done it you just get a
little bug which I mean you want to do
it again and again now at this point you
could be getting a bit excited I think
oh my god have you done it keep your
nerve because if you do cut that skin is
all over done okay let's cut this down
the middle it's very important that you
season it at this point
because once you've rolled it that's it
it's done for that pepper and a little
bit of salt I'm gonna run with a little
bit of olive oil in there just to help
it stick a bit maybe a couple of
tarragon leaves pop knurled speaking
they use the fat bit here
it's overlap because it's quite sticky
now get a little bit the objects that
see that was just the right amount to
keep all that lovely flavor in roll it
up and tight at the British drink good
little tip pop this into a bowl okay
because otherwise you got all that and
it rolls all over the gaps so just put
it in a bowl it's easy to handle so I've
got it like this as if you're riding a
horse okay I've never owned a horse I
just seen the movies and that's how they
hold it okay like that
that's a pinch something go over the
index finger around the thumb back up to
index finger Swiss around pinch
not too tight now mine okay just like
that now did you see that
do you remember cat's cradle because
it's a little bit like that
so dip spice it make sure you get good
butchers twine because if you get a bit
of dodgy rope from the toy shop it might
burn just tie it up go to the right back
to left carry on doing this down the
limb for the chicken if you can do your
shoelaces you can do this let's pull
that down hey turn it over now cut off
what you need now we're gonna go under
come over under back underneath back to
me and then over again now this is all
about the Cub Scouts this one what you
got to do tie your string around the end
of the chicken then you got to tie you
two loose ends together
with a nice big strong not done I'm
gonna roll in cling film okay so the
whole point really clean filming like
this is so the Ignite shape and it's a
nice even color when you're when you're
frying it
you